Now that Manuel walked you through the basic building blocks of Power BI - how is this course structured,
what does this course have to offer for you and which part will be done by Manuel
and which parts will be done by me?
Well right now, we're still in the welcome and first steps part, we're getting started but we're almost done.
Thereafter, we'll have a look at Power BI Desktop in detail.
So how does it work,
what does this tool offer,
before we then dive into the query editor - in Power BI Desktop still, how can we query data, how can we import
data and how can we manipulate or structure the data when importing it? We'll then I will look at the
data view, the data view allows us to still work with our data but not in the import step,
but after we import it so that we structure the data or manipulate it, model it to our needs.
Once we have the data in the structure, the format and the way we want to use it, we can move on and we
can have a look at the report view and we will. This report view will then allow you to well, output reports
with tables, with visuals, with measures as you will learn, so single values for example you can output
and that is of course the thing which is most interesting to your executives or things like that where
you present your data, where you create nice reports with the key results of your data.
Thereafter we'll have a look at the other parts of the Power BI universe. As Manuel mentioned,
it's not just part of the Power BI Desktop, it's Power BI Service and Mobile too.
So how can you collaborate on your data,
how can you share it with others and how can you access it from mobile devices?
Now up to this point, everything will have been done by Manuel.
Now I will create my first module or show my first module. In the other data sources module, I'll have
a look at some other data sources than the data sources used so far in the course. Manuel will mainly
work with a CSV files since it's a very common data source
but I will then also show you how to work with .json, data from RESTful webservices and mySQL or in
general, SQL databases. Thereafter, another module done by me,
I'll have a look at how you can create your own custom visuals,
so that is custom charts basically you could say for Power BI. Here we will learn how that works,
you will need a bit of programming knowledge for that though so that is certainly required or at least
the willingness to learn it
but with that, you've got a powerful tool of really customizing Power BI to your needs and creating the exact
chart or visual in general you need. Well and after we had a look at this, Manuel will take over again
and do the round up of the course giving you a brief overview of what you learned and how you progressed
through the course.
So a lot of great content walking you from A to Z through Power BI and giving you a very complete introduction
to it.